Add SwapAndBridge feature (#64)
LiskHQ/lisk-contracts: documentation/swap-and-bridge.md

# Overview of the swap-and-bridge feature

The swap-and-bridge feature allows users to swap ETH for an ERC20 Liquid Staking Token (LST) and to bridge it directly to an L2 with a single user interaction. This is achieved by implementing the `SwapAndBridge` contract, handling both conversion and bridging. For better integrating the LST with user interfaces, the contract swaps ETH for the wrapped version of it, that can always be converted back to the underlying LST.

## Motivation

> Liquid staking pools allow users to participate in ETH staking without managing their own validator node or owning the full 32 ETH deposit amount. ETH from several users is pooled together and used to register a validator which then shares the rewards with the users. A Liquid Staking Token is an ERC20 token representing one of this staking position. As such, it can be converted back to ETH, while at the same time being freely tradable as an independent token. Furthermore, this token provide the extra yield from the validators reward either by rebasing, i.e. changing the user balance to account for the extra tokens acquired, or, in their wrapped version, by changing the underlying conversion rate to ETH.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion for improvement:
```suggestion
Liquid staking pools allow users to participate in ETH staking without managing their own validator node or owning the full 32 ETH deposit amount. ETH from several users is pooled and used to register a validator which then shares the rewards with them. A Liquid Staking Token is an ERC20 token representing one of those staking positions. As such, it can be converted back to ETH, while at the same time being freely tradable as an independent token. Furthermore, this token provides the extra yield from the validators reward either by rebasing, i.e. changing the user balance to account for the extra tokens acquired, or, in their wrapped version, by changing the underlying conversion rate to ETH.
```

Author: edited in this direction

The swap-and-bridge feature prefers to interact with the wrapped version of a LST, as this tends to be better supported on the UX of several DeFi protocols (see the discussion for Lido's [wstETH](https://docs.lido.fi/contracts/wsteth/#why-use-wsteth)) and since the Optimism standard bridge [does not support rebasing tokens correctly](https://docs.optimism.io/builders/app-developers/bridging/standard-bridge).

> A similar result for the end-user (swapping L1 ETH for L2 wrapped LST with a single interaction) can be achieved by using one of the several bridges available. However, this flow likely offers better security guarantees by relying on the L1<-->L2 bridging protocol and also stakes the ETH in the underlying staking pool protocol. Because of this, it should be considered an alternative option to stimulate participation in ETH staking.

Reviewer: I am not 100% sure what do you mean by the first sentence of using bridges to achieve the same result.

Author: Liquidity bridges support swapping and bridging with a single interaction, but the underlying mechanism is different

## Rationale

> 

Reviewer: Perhaps start by saying "For each wrapped LST supported, a different `SwapAndBridge` contract needs to be deployed."

Author: edited in this direction

Each `SwapAndBridge` contract supports a single wrapped LST. We specified it to be as compatible as possible with a wide range of protocols. The minimum requirements are that the LST contract exposes the `receive` fallback to perform the staking and conversion of ETH to LST.

The `SwapAndBridge` contract itself uses the `receive` fallback as a shortcut to the the swap-and-bridge flow, so that users can send ETH to the contract and receive L2 LST directly.

The `SwapAndBridge` contract does not include any special role such as contract 'owner' and should not hold any ETH balance, with the notable exception of being the [target of a self-destructing contract](https://solidity-by-example.org/hacks/self-destruct/). Even in this case though, no one is able to extract the ETH balance of the contract. This means that, while no privileged operation can be executed on the contract in case of an emergency (like pausing it), no funds are at risk.

This repository does not include any UI-related code.

> ## Incident response plan

Reviewer: Do we really need this paragraph?

Author: I added it explicitly to address a potential audit. Maybe we could rename it to something different?

Reviewer: Ok, no problem from my side, just asking since for other contracts we don't have a similar section.
